feat(design): update control interface (#280)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/design/autoware-interfaces/components/control.md

![Node diagram](images/Control-Bus-ODD-Architecture.drawio.svg)

## Overview

> Control stack plays a role in transferring the decision from "brain" to "hand / foot". From the previous planning component, the autonomous vehicle acquires the task trajectory. So the following module, i.e. Control stack is supposed to focus on how to maneuver the vehicle to follow the received trajectory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control component takes in a trajectory to follow from the planning component. Then it generates control signals such as target velocity, acceleration and steering angle etc. to follow the trajectory.
```

I think it's better to keep it simple like this, what do you think?
